Oops! What's going on? What happened?
Come on come on.
Mrs. Sun, I was wrong.
I shouldn't talk to Master Sun.
Your lord has plenty.
Miss Tianjin from my uncle’s family.
Yes, I heard that Uncle Jiang watched Mrs. Sun save her.
Why was it replaced later?
Do you know that you don’t even understand?
That must be because someone posted the screenshot first and wrote the account to settle the score.
Come on, come on, get up.
They are all wet. I will see you again and again.
Is it Mrs. Sun?
It wasn't Mrs. Sun who did it
Mrs. Sun didn’t do it on purpose
I don't believe it myself
Oh, look, look, look
Another slap in the face, another splash of water
What a bad person
Cousin
It’s not me, my cousin, who is talking about you
Miss Huo turns out to be a guest
Even between her and her cousin
Ah, are you interested in legs?
Even if she has a good relationship with her cousin
That was all in the past
Why do you bully people like this? You really
You all sing in harmony
Is this necessary? Look at it
There's wine on her
My cup is soda
I can't bear to drink it myself
How is it possible to break her? Yes
Mrs. Sun's wine glass
It seems full
I don’t care about Mrs. Sun’s affairs
I was not careful
No problem asking about the wine glass
It wasn't me who broke my wine glass with her
It's my fault
Look what you did Nini
You're going too far
As an elder of the Jiang family, I
I can't let you do whatever you want
I will take you now
Get out of Jiangjia